There's so, so common crimes that you need to be aware off. Certainly,
if you're on a mixed crew ship, you've gotta watch out for sexual harassment
on just given the training to be walking the deck and make
sure you listening to she really awesome or leading leaving soon it
off is there are e mails are profitable going? Oh, I was attacked in
the one reality eso won is all the awful coming up on it is revealed
when they decide to do such a Rosman survey that, you know, suddenly
long Division four, You know, there were roses. Whoa, that's a problem.
So sexual harassment thing. You also need to watch out when
you come back from deployment ship crewed a wave That's heads for 684
You back stateside, old cousin, you know. Okay, drinking. Hey, Just
meeting members of the opposite sex that that comes into play. You
gotta watch you have resources available to you. Uh, you coming back
from deployment? State troopers will be flown out to the Oliver on
it. Briefs to all the ships. Sit downs. Were my people not driving
game on sexual harassment dream That just needs to be people know. Um,
any theft? Uh, you don't have anything to worry about. Shit, because
there was some of these j someone. I do know that one of the tricks
of the trade was one. You know, all your bills walk zero numbers
on your pills, your own possession so suddenly, you know, see, no missing
missing. It was just, you know, ours. Well, so, um, that's pretty
much it. I would say the only other thing that you need to watch
out for these days. Smart clothes. You can swap phones into any other
off financial systems. Power. Just need power. Just wanna follow
my phone because going home it hell, I come back. You're not use any
power. Get it out of the skin. A lot power there. You not only introduced
any malware to